feat(exrc): support .nvim.lua (#21436)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/starting.txt

	set or when using $VIMINIT.

     c. If the 'exrc' option is on (which is NOT the default), the current

> 	directory is searched for three files.  The first that exists is used,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	directory is searched for any of the following files.  The first that exists is used,
```

> 	directory is searched for the following files.  The first that exists

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	directory is searched for the following files, in order of precedence.  The first that exists
```

Author: Mind if I change it a bit more?

```
     c. If the 'exrc' option is on (which is NOT the default), the current
	directory is searched for the following files, in order of precedence:
	- ".nvimrc.lua"
	- ".nvimrc"
	- ".exrc"
	The first that exists is used, the others are ignored.
```

Author: Let me know if I should change the file names in this PR. Or if it'll be decided and renamed later.

Personally, I don't mind the `rc` suffix. About other editors... `.idea`, `.vscode` are both directory. Also, if in future neovim wants to introduce a directory like that (e.g. `.nvim/`), renaming `.nvimrc` file to `.nvim` now would conflict with that later.

Reviewer: >The "The file" before every line is kinda repetitive.

I agree, though I didn't suggest this because I wasn't sure how important it is to minimize the diff with the original Vim help files (to make porting patches easier). If that's not a concern, I second dropping "The file".

Author: > If that's not a concern

I can revert it if you want.

Btw, checked the vim's file. Looks like it has some other things going on, like separate naming for windows?

<img width="687" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8050659/208152240-dbed5ef0-a9b9-4944-8a0f-249be10211a6.png">

So this part of the doc looks like already diverged a fair bit.

Reviewer 2: No need to match vim here.

> 	the others are ignored.

Reviewer 2: Should we show an error if more than one is found? Else we should define an explicit precedence, not just alphanumeric?

Author: > Should we show an error if more than one is found?

That would require to search for all of them? Currently the next one is search only if the previous one is not found.

> we should define an explicit precedence, not just alphanumeric?

The order is actually hardcoded:
- .nvimrc.lua
- .nvimrc
- .exrc

Should we change anything here?

Reviewer 2: Seems ok, let's leave it.
